Add new entry on virtual machines (#997)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/virtual-machines/virtual-machines.md

---
Title: 'Virtual Machines'

> Description: 'Virtual machines are resources that can perform the same tasks as physical computers.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Virtual machines are software resources that can perform the same tasks as physical computers.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Servers'
  - 'Cybersecurity'
CatalogContent:
  - 'foundations-of-cloud-computing'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> A **virtual machine (VM)** is a resource that can perform the same computing functions as a physical computer system, such as running applications or storing data. However, VMs do not use physical hardware to perform these tasks. Instead, VMs exist as code and use software-defined versions of hardware that are installed on a host [server](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **virtual machine (VM)** is a software resource that can perform the same computing functions as a physical computer system, such as running applications or storing data. However, VMs do not use physical hardware to perform these tasks. Instead, VMs exist as code and use software-defined versions of hardware that are installed on a host [server](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/server).
```

## How Do VMs Work?

VMs run on top of the operating system of the host machine, similar to other applications on a physical computer. All VMs on a single host share the same physical resources, such as memory and storage.

Multiple VMs can be managed with a software known as a “hypervisor”. A hypervisor is used to create, manage, and run the VMs on a host machine. The hypervisor is used to manage hardware resources from the host machine, which enables these resources to be shared amongst multiple VMs.

## Benefits of VMs

Virtual machines can provide many benefits, such as:

### Improved Hardware Utilization

Multiple VMs can be run on a single physical server or computer. This allows physical hardware to be used more efficiently because a single VM frequently does not use enough resources to need its own dedicated hardware. Assigning multiple VMs to a single physical host also lowers costs by reducing the number of physical computers needed.

> ### Organize Development and Test Environments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Organized Development and Test Environments
```

VMs can provide separate environments with separate operating systems, which can be used for development and testing purposes. VMs make it easy to separate testing resources and conduct tests which won’t have any impact on production or other surrounding environments.

### Increased Security

> Using separate VMs is considered a secure way to explore potentially malicious applications or viruses. Because VMs are separate environments from the host, they can be used for these tasks without the risk of compromising the host machine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using separate VMs is considered a secure way to explore potentially malicious applications or viruses. Because they are separate environments, VMs can be used for these tasks without the risk of compromising the host machine.
```

> VMs can also improve security because VMs are isolated from the host computer and each other. If an attacker gained access to a single VM, the attacker won’t have access to the host machine or other VMs that share the same host.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
VMs can also improve security because VMs are isolated from the host computer and each other. If an attacker gained access to a single VM, they won’t have access to the host machine or other VMs that share the same host.
```

> VMs can also improve security because VMs are isolated from the host computer and each other. If an attacker gained access to a single VM, they won’t have access to the host machine or other VMs that share the same host.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This isolation improves security. If an attacker gained access to a single VM, they wouldn't have access to the host machine or other VMs that share the same host.
```

---
Title: 'Virtual Machines'

> Description: 'Virtual machines are virtual versions of physical computers.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Virtual machines are resources that can perform the same tasks as physical computers.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:

>   - 'Virtual Machines'
>   - 'Cloud Computing'
>   - 'Security'
>   - 'DevOps'

Reviewer 2: Let's include any tags that come from the Docs [tags.md](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md) file. What I'd suggest is the following:

```suggestion
  - 'Servers'
  - 'Cybersecurity'
```

Though I want to check with my colleagues and see if we can at least add a `'Virtualization'` tag 😄

CatalogContent:
  - 'foundations-of-cloud-computing'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

A virtual machine, or VM, is a virtual version of a physical computer. VMs can perform the same computing functions as physical computers, such as running applications or storing data. However, VMs do not use physical hardware to perform these tasks. Instead, VMs use virtual, software-defined versions of hardware that are installed on a host server. VMs only exist as code.

> A single server or physical computer can run multiple VMs at the same time. Each VM has its own operating system and functions as an independent compute resource, even though they may share the same host server. For example, if you had a computer with macOS, you could use a VM to run a separate instance of the Windows operating system on top of your existing macOS computer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A single server or physical computer can run multiple VMs at the same time. Each VM has its own operating system and functions as an independent compute resource, even though they may share the same host server. For example, a computer running macOS could use a VM to run a separate instance of the Windows operating system from the same computer.
```

For Docs entries, let's try to avoid a "you" voice or "we" voice whenever possible, in favor of a more declarative, manual tone.

> ## How do virtual machines work?

Reviewer 2: It's recommended we stick with the abbreviated term after the first mention.

> Virtual machines run on top of the operating system of the host machine, similar to other applications on a physical computer. All VMs on a single host share the same physical resources, such as memory and storage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
VMs run on top of the operating system of the host machine, similar to other applications on a physical computer. All VMs on a single host share the same physical resources, such as memory and storage.
```

> Multiple VMs can be managed with virtual machine software, also called a “hypervisor”. A hypervisor is used to create, manage, and run the VMs on a host machine. The hypervisor is used to manage hardware resources from the host machine, which enables these resources to be shared amongst multiple VMs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Multiple VMs can be managed with a software known as a “hypervisor”. A hypervisor is used to create, manage, and run the VMs on a host machine. The hypervisor is used to manage hardware resources from the host machine, which enables these resources to be shared amongst multiple VMs.
```

## Benefits of using virtual machines

Virtual machines can provide many benefits, such as:

> ### Improved hardware utilization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Improved Hardware Utilization
```

For Docs entries, even the subheaders use "Title Case". Can we apply this edit to the remainder of the file?
